
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Terminology:

Block ------- An object designed to hold and express parsed binary data.
              Blocks act as nodes in trees with the capacity to be a
              parent node, meaning they hold other nodes.

BlockDef ---- An object which builds a descriptor from given information,
              checks it for errors, and makes sure it contains certain
              items while generating other items automatically.
              BlockDefs use this descriptor for building Blocks.

descriptor -- A dictionary which serves as a collection of static attributes
              that describe parsed binary data expressed as a node, one
              of these being a FieldType instance under the key 'TYPE'.

DataBlock --- A subclass of Block which is intended to hold and express
              only one data value, such as a string or int. Subclasses
              of this Block include WrapperBlock, BoolBlock, and EnumBlock.

field ------- Any attribute in a Block which is parsable and serializable
              with properties describing it given by a descriptor.
              A field can be thought of as the abstract concept that a
              descriptor and the FieldType in the descriptor describe.

              While the term "node" refers specifically to an actual
              python object, field refers to the properties that describe
              the node. This is used(for example) when referring to a
              'field' being parsed in a structure when the actual node
              object doesnt exist yet, or when needing to just talk about
              the properties of the object rather than the value of it.

FieldType --- An immutable object with serveral properties that describe
              a specific kind of field. These properties are mostly bools,
              like is_str, is_struct, is_array, is_enum, is_block, etc,
              but there are also properties like 'enc'(for string and
              numerical encodings), 'endian'(the endianness of the bytes),
              and 'delimiter'(the character a string is delimited with).

              They also store a parser(for reading bytes from a buffer),
              a decoder(for turning those bytes into a python object),
              an encoder(for turning a python object into bytes), and a
              serializer(for writing those bytes to a buffer).

              See parsers.txt, serializers.txt, decoders.txt, encoders.txt,
              sanitizer.txt, sizecalc.txt, and read the __init__ docstring
              of supyr_struct.field_types.FieldType for more information.

FrozenDict -- An immutable subclass of dict which runs an 'immutify'
              routine on its contents on instantiation.
              Immutify replaces mutable objects with an immutable
              equivalent, making a FrozenDict as immutable as possible.

ListBlock --- A subclass of list and Block. Behaves similarly to a list and
              utilizes a descriptor to give names to each of its indices.

node -------- An object at some location in a tree. This is the same node
              concept used in data tree modelling.

nodepath ---- A string that details a path through the nodes of a tree of
              Blocks to some target attribute.

              Take this nodepath for example: '..test.val'
              from here(.), go to the parent(.), go to the 'test' attribute
              of that parent, and return the 'val' attribute of that.

              See the nodepaths.txt file for more information

steptree ---- A steptree is a node parented to a Block in a specific way.
              A steptree is also parsed and written in a sequence that
              differs from regular nodes.

              Rather than being placed into one of the indices of its
              parent, a steptree is placed into its STEPTREE attribute.
              The STEPTREE attribute can have an alias name, but it is
              internally stored as an objects attribute rather than a
              list entry.

              Parsers/serializers finish parsing the tree they are
              currently in, then proceed to parse/serialize all steptrees
              encountered in the order that they were encountered.

              If a field detects it's a "steptree_root" it will pass around
              a list in kwargs under the key "steptree_parents", which is
              passed to the parser/serializer of each node within this node.
              If one of these subnodes has a STEPTREE entry in its descriptor,
              the subnode will be appended to kwargs["steptree_root"].

              After all the parsers/serializers for all nodes within a Block
              have been called, the parents list will be looped over by the
              parser/serializer that built it and calls the parser/serializer
              of the STEPTREE attribute of each Block in parents.
              The "steptree_parents" item is removed from kwargs when kwargs is
              passed to the parser/serializer to prevent infinite recursion.

              This change of read/write order is for situations where
              one may, for example, have an array of 4 Y structures
              where each struct describes another array of 4 Z structures,
              but the first array of 4 is stored contiguously, so the
              serialized arrangement of the structures looks like this:
                  [ AY, BY, CY, DY ],
                  [ AZ1, AZ2, AZ3, AZ4 ], 
                  [ BZ1, BZ2, BZ3, BZ4 ], 
                  [ CZ1, CZ2, CZ3, CZ4 ], 
                  [ DZ1, DZ2, DZ3, DZ4 ]
              This occurs often, and having a single STEPTREE attribute
              takes care of any number of structures that need to be
              read/written in this order since you can use an array or
              container of any size for the STEPTREE attribute.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------